Improve `DataFrame` Users Guide (#11324)
apache/datafusion: docs/source/user-guide/dataframe.md

# DataFrame API

A DataFrame represents a logical set of rows with the same named columns,
similar to a [Pandas DataFrame] or [Spark DataFrame].

DataFrames are typically created by calling a method on [`SessionContext`], such
as [`read_csv`], and can then be modified by calling the transformation methods,
such as [`filter`], [`select`], [`aggregate`], and [`limit`] to build up a query
definition.

The query can be executed by calling the [`collect`] method.

DataFusion DataFrames use lazy evaluation, meaning that each transformation

> creates a new plan but does not actually perform any transformations. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
creates a new plan but does not actually perform any immediate actions. This
```

Here is a minimal example showing the execution of a query using the DataFrame API.

```rust
let ctx = SessionContext::new();
let df = ctx.read_csv("tests/data/example.csv", CsvReadOptions::new()).await?;
let df = df.filter(col("a").lt_eq(col("b")))?
           .aggregate(vec![col("a")], vec![min(col("b"))])?
           .limit(0, Some(100))?;
// Print results
df.show().await?;
use datafusion::prelude::*;
use datafusion::error::Result;

#[tokio::main]
async fn main() -> Result<()> {
    let ctx = SessionContext::new();
    let df = ctx.read_csv("tests/data/example.csv", CsvReadOptions::new()).await?;
    let df = df.filter(col("a").lt_eq(col("b")))?
        .aggregate(vec![col("a")], vec![min(col("b"))])?
        .limit(0, Some(100))?;
    // Print results
    df.show().await?;
    Ok(())
}
```

The DataFrame API is well documented in the [API reference on docs.rs](https://docs.rs/datafusion/latest/datafusion/dataframe/struct.DataFrame.html).

Refer to the [Expressions Reference](expressions) for available functions for building logical expressions for use with the
DataFrame API.

## DataFrame Transformations

> These methods create a new DataFrame after applying a transformation to the logical plan that the DataFrame represents.

Author: These tables are duplicates of what is in the API docs. 

![Screenshot 2024-07-07 at 5 36 09 PM](https://github.com/apache/datafusion/assets/490673/a22741a2-ae64-4ec1-9d0c-c3bea249b86e)

I think it is better to send people there (and invest in keeping it up to date / with examples).

The only thing that is lost is a summary table that breaks the functions down into `Transformations`, `Actions`, and `other`. 

If reviewers feel this content is valuable, I can move the tables to the API docs
